I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, hey
I'm bringing booty back
Go ahead and tell them
skinny Bitches,
Hut Hut one Hut Hut
two big titties, big butt to fuck,
fuck with them
real who don't tell what they upto
had to shell bitches
with a tap beers rang finger with a rock.
Don't blame it on me
So blame it on the night
Everything, everything, everything
You touch turns to gold, gold
'Cause the players gonna play
play, play, play, play
And the haters gonna hate
hate, hate, hate, hate
Baby, I'm just gonna shake
shake shake shake shake
I shake it off, I shake it off (Whoo-hoo-hoo)
Way to go, but it's worth the wait, no
You haven't seen the best of me
I'm still working on my masterpiece and I
L.A got the people saying (la la la la la)
Amsterdam saying (la la la la la)
Frisco saying (la la la la la)
Switzerland saying (la la la la la)
Sao Paulo saying (la la la la la)
Hey, let's get it now
Ooh, I want the time of my life
Oh baby, ooh
I don't
mind when you work until three.
If you're leaving with me.
Go make that
Money, money money
money money money.
But when you call me baby
I know I'm not the only one
We did everything right,
now I'm on the outside
In the game with you little stupid ass,
I'll give a fuck.
I don't give a fuck I don't I don't
I don't give a fuck bitch
I don't give a fuck about you
or anything that you don't give up
about you or anything that you do.
You might be right, but I don't care
There's a million reasons why I should give you up
But the heart wants what it wants
I'm thinking about how people
fall in love in mysterious ways
Maybe just the touch
This is hungry work
Take me to church
I'll worship like a dog at
the shrine of your lies
I'll tell you my sins
so you can shop in your night.
I gave you bass, you gave me sweet talk
Saying how I'm your number one
But I know you lie
'Cause your lips are moving
love me harder
And if you really need me
You gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta
Got to love me harder
(Lo-love me harder)
I still get jealous
'Cause you're too sexy, beautiful
And everybody wants a taste
That's why (that's why)
I still get jealous
'Cause we're young and we're reckless
We'll take this way too far
It'll leave you breathless
Or with a nasty scar
Got a long list of ex-lovers
Don't believe me just watch
Uptown (woo) funk you up (come on)
Uptown funk you up